[docs] Explain mini-theme example (#20339)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/styles/advanced/advanced.md

Add a `ThemeProvider` to the top level of your app to pass a theme down the React component tree. Then, you can access the theme object in style functions.

> > This example creates a minimalist theme object. Head to the [theming section](/customization/theming/) if you intend to use some of the Material-UI's components. You need to provide a richer theme structure using the `createMuiTheme()` method.

Reviewer: That last sentence doesn't really connect to the previous one.

```suggestion
> This example creates a theme object for custom-built components. If you intend to use some of the Material-UI's components you need to provide a richer theme structure using the `createMuiTheme()` method. Head to the the [theming section](/customization/theming/) to learn how to build your custom Material-UI theme.
```
